Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Looking right at us.
50 bucks says that's Lukesh.
100 says he knows we're here.
- lt's him. Let's take him.
- Let him get to the mailbox.
lt's Lukesh. l don't need him
opening a mailbox to prove it.
Patience, Agent Doggett.
We got an agent alone with a psycho,
a guy known for his vanishing act.
We got the block surrounded.
He isn't vanishing anywhere.
And your partner volunteered.
Now...
open 4-D.
Agent Reyes, stand by.
What the hell's this?
- Monica, don't.
- Agent Reyes, keep your distance.
Don't let him see you following.
- Monica, where are you?
- Back stairwell.
l've lost sight of him.
l think he might be...
Oh, no.
Agent down, back stairwell.
Get EMS here now.
Doggett. He's got her gun.
lrwin Lukesh. Federal agent.
Turn around, you son of a bitch.
Back here.
- Hey.
- So this is how the uptown crowd lives?
This is it. Movin' on up.
So is there anything heavy
l can move for you? A dresser, a fridge?
No. But thank you, John.
You just missed the movers.
You don't say.
l brought you a housewarming gift.
- Hot dogs?
- Polish sausage. lt's the best in the city.
There's a stand two blocks over on M Street.
You'll be able to walk to it.
Try one.
lt's like l'm back in Gdansk.
- Let me get some plates.
- Plates? For cryin' out loud.
Who eats Polish sausage with plates?
Hello?
- Agent Reyes, it's AD Skinner.
- Yes, sir.
There's no easy way to say this.
Sorry to do it over the phone.
- What is it?
- lt's Doggett.
He's been found in an alley off Dylan Park.
He's been shot.
- What did you say?
- They're taking him to Washington Memorial.
Agent?
What you're saying is...
Agent Reyes?
- Excuse me?
- Monica?
- Brad? Skinner called you too?
- He's staying at the crime scene.
l'm sorry.
l've been put in charge of the investigation.
l promise you, it's my top priority.
l will find the person who did this.
l just need to find out
why your partner was in that alley.
He wasn't. He was with me.
At my apartment.
He was with me when Skinner called me.
l'm not sure l'm following.
Monica, l'm so sorry.
Agent Doggett is just out of surgery.
They're moving him to the lCU.
How's it look?
lf he pulls through this...
it's likely that he'll be paralyzed for life.
l haven't understood one single word
l've heard since l got here.
Whoever you're talking about,
it's not John Doggett.
You found the bullet.
9 millimeter slug.
Found it in the alley lodged in a wall.
Most likely from a SlG-Sauer P226 or 228.
Possibly FBl issue.
This didn't come from Doggett's weapon.
Ballistics don't match
and his gun was never fired.
Assistant Director.
l'd appreciate case updates
in a timely fashion.
For instance, this bullet.
How long have you had it? An hour? Two?
Thereabouts.
lt's just that we need to keep the lines of
communication open. That's all l'm asking.
l want this slug run through
our database of FBl-issue pistols.
Like l told you, the round
didn't come from Doggett's weapon.
You're not saying another agent did this?
Just run it. Please.
l just...
l don't understand
how any of this is possible.
He was with me, Dana.
ln my apartment. How can this be?
l saw something once.
lt's only been the last couple of years
that l've fully come to terms with it.
ln '94, my father passed away.
And that night, l think that very moment
that it happened, he came to me.
l like to believe that he came to say goodbye.
A visitation.
l think that's wonderful.
A blessing.
But that's not what happened to me.
Scully.
lt's me. ls Reyes with you?
She's here. We're still at the hospital.
l need you to bring her
to the Sixth District police station.
- What's this about?
- l'll tell you when you get there.
What's going on?
Agent Reyes, would you mind
stepping inside, please?
Hi, Monica. Have a seat.
l wanted you and l
to have a chance to talk alone,
clear a few things up,
a few details of your story.
My story?
Your assertion that you were
with Agent Doggett when he was shot.
- What is this?
- Just wait.
- ls that a true statement?
- Yes.
l mean, no, l wasn't with Agent Doggett
when he was shot,
but l was with him at the time AD Skinner
called to tell me he'd been shot.
Look, Monica...
You know how l feel. You know l'm
on your side, but give me something here.
Give me some mitigating reason
for what you're trying to cover up.
l'm gonna put a stop to this.
What are you saying to me, Brad?
Why are you saying these things?
We've checked and rechecked
the ballistics tests.
The bullet that hit Doggett
came from your gun.
And furthermore, we have an eyewitness.
One who has placed you at the scene.
ls that why l'm here? ln this room?
So you can make an lD?
Agent Reyes, l have to ask you
for your FBl identification.
Who's there? Who's back there?
We appreciate your cooperation, sir.
Anything l can do to help.
Smart touch - posting a guard
to make sure l don't finish the job.
Do you really believe l did this?
No, but it doesn't matter what l believe.
You may still be arrested.
- So what are they waiting for?
- Follmer's case has potential holes.
For starters, when l called you, you were
at home, 14 miles from the crime scene.
- Plus, the condition of your gun.
- lt hadn't been fired.
However, the bullet does match your gun.
Perfectly.
lt doesn't make any sense.
None of it.
What about the eyewitness?
What can you tell me about him?
You know we can't discuss that.
Look.
Oh, my God, John.
- ls he conscious?
- l don't know.
lt could just be a muscle spasm. lt's not
uncommon with this type of spinal injury.
That's not a spasm.
- What is it?
- lt's Morse code.
What did he say?
Lukesh.
What? What does that mean?
Who's there? ls somebody there?
lrwin, is that you?
- Who else would it be, Mama?
- l thought maybe robbers.
l thought something terrible had
happened to you. You were gone so long.
l was gone two hours and six minutes.
l'm back at noon, just like l told you.
l was so scared.
Could you bring me a glass of Clamato with
two squirts of Texas Pete and two ice cubes?
God, l was all alone.
And l heard the knob rattle.
Somebody was rattling the knob.
lt was the robbers, l just know it was.
l don't know how l got through it.
l was so scared.
Like sands through the hourglass,
so are the days of our lives.
My show is on.
Could you make my hot sandwich, so l can
eat my sandwich while l watch my show?
What kind of sandwich is it?
Potted meat.
l don't think l like that.
Have l had it before?
Many times.
You love it.
- l should be at the hospital.
- Scully will call if he regains consciousness.
- Either way, l should be there.
- You're under investigation.
Not to mention l will be too
if it's ever found out that l showed you this.
lrwin Timothy Lukesh?
Have you ever seen him before?
''1995, patient at the State Psychiatric
Hospital at Gaithersburg.''
''Diagnosed with a delusional disorder which
presented itself after his father's suicide.''
After four months,
he was deemed fit for release.
He lives with his invalid mother in
an apartment adjacent to the crime scene.
- What's the story he's telling?
- That he heard a bang,
went downstairs to investigate,
and then he saw you exit the alley.
This is the one person we know
was in the vicinity of the shooting.
Why would Doggett say his name?
You think Lukesh shot Doggett?
What if Doggett was investigating Lukesh?
What if Lukesh is somehow behind all this?
Skinner.
Do you recall our discussion
where l asked you to keep me up to date?
l do.
Really? lt's like we never even had it.
l'm at Washington Memorial.
l'm assuming you're with our prime suspect.
Bring her.
She's gonna talk to Agent Doggett.
The gang's all here.
- How is he?
- Fully conscious.
We set up a communication device
designed for spinal-injury victims.
Speaking with him should be easier.
You'll ask only the questions l want asked.
You're not to try to shade his testimony.
lf you're so concerned,
why let Reyes talk to him?
Because he says
he won't talk to anyone but you.
He didn't mention you two.
John.
Hey, there.
That's right.
You're alive.
As if there were ever any doubt.
Why am l alive? ls that what you're asking?
l'm fine, John. Why wouldn't l be?
Have him say who shot him.
My throat wasn't cut, John.
What do you mean?
Wiggle your finger if you feel anything.
Any sensation at all.
Pain, tingling.
OK.
That's enough for today.
We'll see if you can do any better tomorrow.
You kiss your mother with that mouth?
lt's coming along.
lt's nowhere, basically.
There's so much
that's impossible to reconcile.
You say l was on a stakeout with you. l say
you were at my apartment bringing me...
John...
do you know a little stand on M Street?
Supposed to be really good hot dogs?
John, what if we were both right?
What if you were at my apartment and l was
on a stakeout with you at the same time?
What would it take for that to be true?
Except maybe we do.
Maybe all of us do.
You've heard of the idea
of a parallel universe.
One that's identical,
or nearly identical, to our own.
One in which we all have a double.
lt's theoretical physics,
but what if it's real?
You said yourself lrwin Lukesh
was known for his impossible escapes.
You said that in the alley you looked away
only for an instant and he was gone.
Back here.
And then somehow he was
behind you and he shot you.
With my gun - my gun that never left
my possession that entire afternoon.
What if Lukesh can pass freely
from one parallel world to the other?
Like he's opening a door.
And what if somehow you followed him
through that door without even knowing it?
Maybe when you followed Lukesh
into this world, my...
my Doggett got forced out.
My Doggett would've called that crazy too.
But give me another theory that fits.
l'm kinda confused as to why l'm back.
l already told you everything l know.
We just had a few little inconsistencies
that we needed to clear up.
Sure. Dot the i's, cross the t's.
Here's an odd one for starters.
We have an eyewitness
that says you shot Agent John Doggett.
That's surprising.
l can't imagine who would have said that.
Agent Doggett.
He's regained consciousness.
He's very chatty.
Among other things,
he says that you're a murderer.
That you enjoy killing women
with a straight razor.
And cutting out their tongues.
Yeah.
Wow.
What a corker.
Mr Lukesh, would you consent to a GSR test?
GSR? What is that?
To reveal whether or not
someone recently fired a gun.
You wouldn't mind indulging us, would you?
l don't know. l think l'd have
to talk to my lawyer about that.
Look, my heart goes out
to your Agent Doggett.
But he's confused.
lt's clear to me that your female agent
Ms Reyes is responsible for this tragedy.
ls there someone
who can corroborate your story?
No.
What about your mother?
You live with your mother?
She was sleeping.
She wouldn't have heard anything.
Maybe she can tell us something.
Would she be willing to come down here?
My mother is in poor health.
She gets confused easily.
We can go to her.
l won't have you harassing herjust because
you won't admit one of your people did this.
Now, if you're going to arrest me, do it.
Otherwise l'm going home.
Say hi to Mama.
Agent Reyes, right?
What's the matter?
Cat got your tongue?
How do you do it?
You know what l'm talking about, don't you?
There's this world, and there's the world
where you live out your sick fantasies.
When did it start?
Was it after your breakdown in '95?
All that anger. lt was buttoned up so tight
it had nowhere else to go.
lt had to get released.
Not here, but in a world just like this one.
God, l enjoyed you.
You bled just like a pig.
Reyes?
You all right?
Mama, l'm home.
Mama, you want your Clamato?
Mama?
Have you been out of bed?
You don't tell me things, lrwin.
l tell you things.
You sneak out of the house all night.
You leave me alone all by myself,
and then you think that l don't know?
l know. l know every time.
What is it that you do, lrwin,
that you don't tell me?
l don't do that.
l don't know what you mean.
Why is that in my house?
l opened the drawer
and it gave me a heart attack.
l don't even know how l even picked it up
without it going off and killing me.
l was so scared.
Mama, l don't know how it got there.
lf you won't tell me,
you can tell the FBl. That's it.
The FBl has left three messages.
They want to talk to me.
Can you imagine, lrwin?
Why would the FBl want to talk to me?
What are you doing?
Aren't you even gonna listen?
- Are you gonna talk to them?
- Of course l am. lt's the FBl.
Mama...
Don't turn on the waterworks.
lt's not going to wash.
l'm the one who's being lied to.
lrwin...
What are you doing?
lrwin, what are you doing?
lrwin.
Did not.
Anyway, that's what you get
for hiring cheap help.
Thinking about what?
How?
Bad joke.
My theory is sound?
You don't believe a word of it.
Never in a million years would you believe.
This has nothing to do with my theory.
l would do anything for you.
Anything but that.
Reyes.
- Skinner. Are you OK?
- Yes, sir, l'm fine.
l can't say the same for Miriam Lukesh.
- What happened?
- She's dead.
lt's the exact MO Doggett described.
Most likely a straight razor was used.
Lukesh killed his mother.
- Do you have any idea where he is?
- None.
But if everything l hear is true,
he won't be easy to find.
l think he'll find us.
- Are you all right, Agent Reyes?
- Just a little jumpy, l guess.
That's understandable.
l don't think you're the only one.
Try and take it easy.
We got you covered comin' and goin'.
Anything happening out front?
No. You moved into a quiet neighborhood.
lt's dead out there.
l think l'll check around once more.
You wanna scream, don't you?
To your friends outside. Parked in a van
that might as well say ''FBl'' in huge letters.
ln red.
Try and scream out to 'em.
They can't hear you.
- Where'd she go?
- Monica, do you copy?
Reyes? Agent Reyes, do you read me?
- He's in there. He's gotta be.
- lt's not possible.
What if it is?
You wanna stick around and find out?
You ruined everything, you bitch.
You made me.
- You made me do it.
- Lukesh...
Shut up. Shut up.
But you know what?
This time l get to bleed you slow.
You all right?
Monica, you all right?
lt's OK. lt's OK. lt's over.
Monica, forget about the plates, will ya?
What's wrong?
Monica, what's wrong?
l'm good.
Good.
Visiontext Subtitles: Michael Callaghan
US ENGLlSH
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org